hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you do really good and you keeping
well at the moment in today's video I'm
going to be taking you through my aster
food shop Hall I've just been and
collected all of this and we completely
ran out of stuff for a good few days
like you ran out up all the way up in
stuff like that I'm so excited and happy
to have our food stove back in and makes
a few things open I've got some new
stuff that have an action picture with
boxes have been at home so much I feel
like I've got a bit bored of some stuff
so I wanted to try some new bit and I
said you've been barbecuing I've got
some stuff for that and also just like
more like summary kind of food you know
I've got Penelope some new treats as
well that she's acting with some sweet
potatoes I've got two huge packs of
these I've been baking so much these
like my sweet cheetah brownies if you
saw in one of my recent videos I also
made some right sweet potato fritters
who didn't actually turn out that great
ability to go for a few more attend to
those but and there's just only you can
do that with wheat potatoes you can like
grate them shred them put them into act
dessert recipes so definitely check that
brownie recipe out if you haven't
already three bits of wholemeal pizza is
now at the moment I've genuinely being
that preferring piece of bread to rise I
just feel like it fills my stomach more
than rice does quite like toasting these
or like listening on the BBQ just so
what we can do these and they go like
any dish like you can do like a curry
and usually got a quite thick so I've
heard these 650 calories which is really
low can I always get the whole new ones
up goes I would try out these CD protein
bagel things these are really nice
Lynch option and I thought it was like
the season stuff it just makes things up
rather than my usual bagel things that
I've been having for god knows how many
months so it stops her on some more soft
brown thing but since starting my like a
few months ago now these have been such
a savior like you really don't have to
cut out bread if you are trying to lower
your body fat there's another
alternative option here is the milk
selection I just absolutely love almond
and sweetened milk like I can't drink
coffee or anything up there with its
have mentioned that a few times but and
to use it not any of your cooking and
mainly your oats so because we ran out
of all the little I had my oats we
walked or a couple days this week and
you can notice such a big difference
like this honestly makes your oats taste
so much nicer than using water or like
just normal milk I think it is like when
maybe they're like nutty taste or
something and so yeah I got absolutely
loads of these we do use them for
absolutely everything as to also have
like their own free from all the milk
cringe and they taste quite similar but
yeah definitely
all pro it's my favourite brand and like
favourite taste and then I always pick
up just a semi skimmed milk this is just
like a little bit thicker and Mason use
it it's quite a bit as well then here is
just a full-blown section yet Mason goes
through these pretty quickly and you can
freeze them as well so we always pop
them in the fridge he probably has like
one or two pots of these a day they're
really high protein and low in fat food
like a volume options to fight back eat
any meals or if I'm Admiral feeling
hungry like Greek yogurt and protein is
always I could go to and then last night
we found we had like one of these left
in the freezer
sorry popped into the window and made
like a frozen yogurt and it tastes so
good so we're going
doing that a lot more that's when we've
got quite a bit of this stuff and I
always use this in not all my cooking
dishes as well I got two cartons of egg
whites and I do need to do like a muscle
food order at some point but these save
so much time and just faffing about
especially like first thing in the
morning rather than like just cracking
the eggs and like wasting yolks or
trying to like use them in loads of
cooking so these things a lot of time
they are a little bit more pricey though
I must admit but yet these are really
great and got two of these and they do
like like a good a good while and I also
saw this peanut butter that ice cream I
need 177 calories per half a tip don't
know what it'll taste like I haven't
tried it but yeah I thought that was a
nice shot I've been liking having ice
cream or like something cold after my
dinner most no it's got some frozen
blueberries and you things like every
single day putting them in my oats or
like my bacon
I always think blueberries taste nicely
like rather than like the mixed berries
but I do like to swap and change between
the two I saw these at mills and I
haven't had these since I was a kid
immunity booster and it tastes really
nice and sweet these are in at the
strawberry flavor and I just picked up
some large eggs these mainly just happen
that you always need eggs and also I've
been doing some baking these Caribbean
rice peas is just like about as Massey
rice styled with like like beings in the
really nine hand onto the meat sex for
two packs of chicken regular chicken can
t really we've been and on a BBQ just
like chopping these up and then put them
on to be like little wooden sticks which
is like fed to everything having them is
like kebab I tell all you use most and
then I also saw these reduced fat beef
burgers and have to make my own recently
but I just thought I'd give these a try
I saw then again really good for
barbecues that we've been having
anything that I've got that barbecue in
the garden we've been using that like
four times a week throw a huge pack of
lean turkey breast states these are
really nice again you can just do them
like however much you want with them
with chicken I don't think that as tasty
but still are really good me if you want
instantly not higher protein and you
guys already know about these and my
perception with turkey rashes I've got a
mixture of lightly smoked and smoked
these are my favorite brand I much
prefer these to the little ones that I
used to get and matthewsons I think
winter like salads as well you can chop
them up have fun with your breakfast
lunch you can even turn it Prohm in that
with some district another snack idea
this is my favorite Maxwell onto bagel
things
don't knock this tree trunk so with
these the curry sauce ones are so good
so I've got a Thai green curry sauce
they've got loads of different flavors
and the calmer sauce but if you just
wanted to mix up your snacks in it you
know I know it it's like you just get
bored of eating the same thing or you
just want something different these open
little shout out they're really high in
protein and Amiga three Yeol's oh my
doggy mum's out there and I've mixed up
Penelope's treats
she's just tried one of these worlds and
really likes that one vote for meat that
I just missed I've got some diced lamb
I'm gonna try and make like a lamb curry
this week so watch out for that day oh I
really like the past month we've been
having a roast I think we might have put
on Mason's birthday maybe like it's just
our favorite a minute he's a massive one
they left over it's not that we actually
ever really have any leftovers because
Mason I eat like hippos do someone who
does like live on your own or whatever
you could make one of those and that
could last you like a good few Danish
you could have it throw them in lunch
dinner a few times got some beans up in
these get these for a good while I keep
forgetting to put them into a basket and
I really like to have these quite a lot
but it took these cheeky and that hex
officers use equalizers with tomato
mozzarella basil and garlic
oh these are so tasty and you can throw
them in with like various meals
you might like a casserole like a hot
pot whatever pop them in there in a
sandwich and the difference with these
sausages they're like lower calories
higher protein and gluten-free as well
so they're not full of crap or anything
like that when it comes to online
shopping I always forget to put seasoned
engine and that's what I've been really
low on so I've got some piri piri full
of the chicken some Italian seasoning I
use that on like Ross only potato if
that makes all the difference on that
potatoes and also some of the here
seasoning because we've got all that
chicken and turkey I want like just mix
up some give me a minute I just say
change your spices and see an engine
that's a good little hack for like
changing the tastes of meal and stuff
but favorite parts of this whole my
chocolate collection I've got some of
these Bournville dark chocolates we've
ran out of this but and then use this in
all my baking and it's just like a big
180 gram bar so you can not break that
up you know if you do anything with like
dark chocolate chips white chocolate bar
greens and blacks
absolutely love white chocolate but to
have that in and I always sprinkle this
on like my oats in the morning something
that I've found with me is like were
stopped being in a Christian phase I
have chocolate every single day you
probably know that I've seen through my
other videos it's my favorite thing I've
got to have it in my diet and then I
actually got these off Amazon and took a
few days to arrive at you and loving at
this orange intense it's got little
almond chunks mean if your dark
chocolate found then you'll love this
it's kind of a bit like Terry's
chocolate orange forest like a dark
chocolate version and never fade is this
caramel with the touch of sea salt this
is really tasty as my little chocolate
selection it's a fruit and nuts
collection this is good at pour like if
you make homemade granola
this just is such good little easy back
and you sprinkle it all over and then
onto the rice cakes so I've been mainly
liking the corn cakes Mason really likes
either the flavor ones but these are
really good I've got like content of
chia seeds and I really like these
private ones as well there's like less
than 30 calories total woman
they love putting like peanut butter or
banana on the top nice little pre or
post-workout snack at the bar with human
the puppies quite a few times these are
really nice so picked up some of the
stove gravy granules for our roasts we
were having them so regularly like we've
gone for loads of gravy on them so yeah
but it's gonna last us a good while
we've got quite a lot to spare and I'm
gonna put some of that and mainly let
the dairy stuff in the freezer that is
my food shop whilst in a cussing phase
you really don't need to be restrictive
if you are trying to lower your body for
anything like that it's just about
having things in moderation I also got
another like 30 pack of the coke zeros
they really have you know I'm not gonna
bring them to show you right now I
really hope you enjoyed this video let
me know if you do want to carry on a
scene like my grocery haul future kind
of videos and if you aren't already
don't forget to Like and subscribe and
I'll see you guys in the next video